Hi everyone.
So let's see how we can select one column order more than one column from this data frame object.
So we have already data frame available in our near object.
So let's see fossil fuel of course with Delta.
This head matter.
So we have total 17 columns available with us in a data frame object.
Now to select one column or multiple column so multiple column will see later.
First we'll see how to select a single column.
So to select a single column there are two ways one can go six ways and I'm going to show you both of
the ways.
So second these will be hard because in time it will work the first way it may work or may not work.
But let's see the first one and then we go with the second we will use a hundred percent surety that
it will always work to extract any individual columns from the data frame object.
OK.
So first is like a D if we have a total 17 columns that are relevant and the column names are like a
each what class a felony or education.
So we already applied a number of attributes on top of this data frame object.
Same way the names of each individual column we can treat it like it is an attribute of this need of
an object.
So I can just simply type like let's say we want to grab education column.
So the F not education.
So we treat each individual column name as a attribute of this particular data pretty much.
And if I just simply execute we can get this particular column like a bachelor bachelor which is great
relevant and matchless and it has written us one particular column which is nothing but a brand new
C.D. object.
So the name is education.
The land is a total two thousand five sixty one value test written and a data type is an object.
So this is a one way you can grab individual column.
OK let's grab another column let's say each graph each.
So each.
So we have got H.
Now the problem really starts when we are trying to grab some column which is having the species in
deadening.
So like a kind of species.
So let's try to grab this particular column.
OK.
And I'm just going to select this particular name column and let's see what a great.
So now you can see what will happen because python is now confused that what you are trying to stick.
So we are trying to extend the full kind of species.
But before that there is a two species that I believe we saw if I tried to execute it will tell me that
invalid syntax because there is no column like a kind first of all and after that of business 10 definitely
doesn't an.
So that's why whenever you find any species or any extra character which is not compatible by writing
such a kind of syntax to grab each individual column of this little flying object.
So in that case this type of approach will not work.
So let's see about the honor their approach.
So another approach is you need to write a little bit more characters.
So in that case you can use that to line up bracket quotation and inside the brackets you can just simply
write like a let's say age this week.
And it will return the same thing like a C.D. object has written.
So same series object we got earlier also.
It's such a kind of notation.
OK let's grab now.
Same kind of species.
So the F bracket inside the bracket in a course really great a kind of species.
So now we have got all the human meat.
That means this apologies on this volcano.
So this way you can grab individual columns of this particular of the data frame object.
Now let's say if you want to grab more than one column.
So let let me just.
Let's play fast food cross again and let's say we want to grab either H and education both at a one
shot.
So in that case also there is no way that now you can use this dart notation.
So instead of that go with this bracket notice.
Now you need to later do wells because you want to grab the two different columns.
Let's eat and education.
So in that case you need to pass on the list.
So I am just going to supply the list inside this bracket notation so list we can represent in a python
with such a kind of notation now inside that I'm just going to put two columns.
So the first one is like a h.
And the second one is like education.
OK.
Let me just execute it.
So now you can see we got two column in each and education and this columns are not a series.
Now we've got the brand new data frame object.
We can even grab more than two columns.
You can write as many numbers of column you want from here and even you can assign let's say to under
regime.
So let's say let's do one thing let's create the one select select kind of object and here will write
all this column.
So let's say each and then let's say education
and let's say celery.
OK.
And the same select we are going to pass them the F object.
So bracket tradition of this myth.
And now you can see we have got a three column as the output.
We can even assign it to them select data leave.
And if you just find that type of this selected leaf object it's a bind us code from data frame kind
of object.
So this way there are two ways you can grab the one column but I would suggest you go the IT sector
kind of bracket noticing that either then those attribute kind of notation and if you want to pass more
then or if you want to grab more than one column in that case you need to pass some sort of list inside
the list you can pass all those column which you want to write right.
And we tell of such a kind of package notation you can replace individual columns of this natively.
OK so that is all about this video.
See you next would you.